why does the sunsets have to go forever?
why does the life we live have to end forever?
why does the stars stop shining on us forever?
why does it fall to its knees?
NOTE Set 2
why does the world look at me like a monster?
why do you find my life spilled out on the altar?
why did my life take such a massive corner
I want it all back.
NOTE Set 3
Take my hand
and im gonna help you win
the roundabout of life that circles through you
dont cry my friend
cause i am here with you
theres nothing falling from the sky
as big as a meteorite
NOTE Set 4
In this moment
you called out
and i found you laying there
In that moment
i helped you to your feet
and took you to stand on a thousand minerals at a time
NOTE Set 5
You call me to help you along
help you along
to stand up tall
NOTE Set 6
dont worry about whats gone wrong
bout whats gone wrong
so you can grow
NOTE Set 7
I got away from you
i stood you by your side
i showed my heart to you
you threw it out of spite
NOTE Set 8
I wanna show my world
to your everyone
i find your mind is purged
when you were young
NOTE Set 9
I got away from you
i stood you by your side
i showed my heart to you
you threw it out of spite
NOTE Set 10
I wanna show my world
to your everyone
i find your mind is purged
when you were young
NOTE Set 11
In this moment
you called out
and i found you laying there
In that moment
i helped you to your feet
and took you to stand on a thousand minerals at a time
NOTE Set 12
You call me to help you along
help you along
to stand up tall
NOTE Set 13
dont worry about whats gone wrong
bout whats gone wrong
so you can grow
NOTE Set 14
You call me to help you along
help you along
to stand up tall
NOTE Set 15
dont worry about whats gone wrong
bout whats gone wrong
so you can grow